taking up all this goodness can pick up
these GameCubes or doing 64 controllers
bottom polygons these you want 15 for
that piece of I'm not picking that
up
picked up a PlayStation 2
all this controllers and the game
check out
okay so as you seen inside the goodwill
I was just in it too little to my
surprise did I notice that holy
everyone like I just went up to the
stick up to there and I just saw the
couple games sitting there I was like
whoa so these are four for $4.99 apiece
or you can't really see it kind those
yeah
these $4.99 apiece and I managed to find
going Quackers got me a get 64 enter the
gecko and of course as you seen in there
where is it and I'm trying to find it
there it is oh there it is look at that
$4.99 and it for Mario Party 3
awesome managed to pick up a controller
for $2.99 a green and 64 controller and
a charcoal looking I mean they're pretty
messed up but for three bucks and I can
clean them up pretty good so there you
have it my little goodwill pickups haul
for video game hunting that's awesome
came at the right time at the right
place as they were restocking the
shelves it's like 8:40 so I got 20
minutes before close and I managed to
pick these up there you go don't ever
hesitate to go to your goodwill
at any time of the day
this is okichi 420 into the next but I
got mail onto the next video game hunter
video peace out yo